{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh20180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Observation 1: Capomulin was the most successful trial drug
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 It appears that the drug Capomulin was the only treatment that resulted in a downward tumor volume change when administered to the mice over a 45 day period. We can also see that Capomulin was the only drug that resulted in a negative tumor change over the 45 day period (at -19%) while also providing participants with the greatest survival rate percentage and the least metastatic spread during treatment. Therefore, it appears that Capomulin performed most successfully of the four selected treatment drugs during the trial.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Observation 2: Infubinol and Ketapril performed similarly to the placebo drug
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 In three out of four analysis (i.e. tumor change over 45 day treatment, survival during treatment, and tumor response to treatment), Infubinol and Ketapril performed much like the placebo drug. This does not bode well for these drugs, which essentially were generally ineffective.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Observation 3: No sudden developments with any drug treatment
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 All three drugs (and the placebo) resulted in incremental linear progress. No treatment resulted in a sudden positive or negative spike. This observation could imply that a steady and regular dose of the treatment is necessary to see the effects of the drug. An interesting next step could be a test of results for when a dose of a treatment is skipped or doubled.}